Interactive Cosmology Visualization Using the Hubble Ultra Deep Field Data in
the Classroom

I am an undergraduate student under the direction of Professor Windhorst in the
School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona State University. I am
conducting a research study to determine the effectiveness and best practices
for use with a new teaching tool: Appreciating Hubble at Hyperspeed (AHaH). 

I am inviting your participation, which will involve taking a short survey at
the end of the AST 113 class to get your thoughts on the AHaH tool. You have
the right not to answer any question, and to stop participation at any time.

Your participation in this study is voluntary. If you choose not to
participate or to withdraw from the study at any time, there will be no penalty
- for example, it will not affect your grade in AST 113. You must be 18 or
older to participate in the study.

We believe that the use of this tool will greatly improve your experience in
AST 113, and by providing your feedback you can help us make this tool more
widely available to enhance the education of other students. There are no
foreseeable risks or discomforts to your participation.

Your responses will be confidential, with your ASU email address collected for
confirmation purposes, but deleted upon completion of the survey. Only
Professor Windhorst and I will have access to the survey data. The results of
this study may be used in reports, presentations, or publications but your name
will not be used --- results will only be used in aggregate form (i.e. ``X
percentage of the overall survey group gave Y response).

If you have any questions concerning the research study, please contact the
research team at: ljnolan@asu.edu, or Rogier.Windhorst@asu.edu. If you have any
questions about your rights as a subject/participant in this research, or if
you feel you have been placed at risk, you can contact the Chair of the Human
Subjects Institutional Review Board, through the ASU Office of Research
Integrity and Assurance, at (480) 965-6788. Please let me know if you wish to
be part of the study.


