Interactive Cosmology Visualization Using the Hubble Ultra Deep Field Data in the
Classroom

Liam Nolan is an undergraduate student under the direction of Professor Windhorst
in the School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona State University. Liam is
conducting a study to determine the effectiveness and best practices for use with
a new teaching tool: Appreciating Hubble at Hyperspeed (AHaH), that we will use
during a few AST 113 Labs in fall 2020. 

We are inviting your participation, which will involve taking a short survey at
the end of the AST 113 class semester to get your feedback on the AHaH tool. The
tool is available on http://ahah.asu.edu/ and http://windhorst113.asu.edu/

Your participation in this survey is entirely voluntary. If you choose not to
participate, or to withdraw from the survey at any time, there will be no
penalty. Participating in the survey will not affect your AST 113 grade in any
way. If you do participate, you have the right not to answer any question, and to
stop participation at any time. You must be 18 or older to participate in the
survey. 

We believe that the use of this tool will greatly improve your experience in AST
113, and those of future students. By providing your feedback on the AHAH tool,
you will help us make this tool more widely available to enhance the education of
other students. There are no foreseeable risks or discomforts to your
participation in the survey.

Your responses will be confidential, with your ASU email address collected for
confirmation purposes, but deleted upon your completion of the survey. Only
Professor Windhorst and Mr. Liam Nolan will have access to the survey data, which
at that stage is completely anonymous. The results of this survey may be used in
reports, presentations, or publications, but your name will not be used. Survey
results will only be used in aggregate form (e.g., ``X percentage of the overall
survey group gave Y response'').

If you have any questions concerning the survey, please contact the research team
at: ljnolan@asu.edu, or Rogier.Windhorst@asu.edu. If you have any questions about
your rights as a subject/participant in this research, or if you feel you have
been placed at risk, you may contact the Chair of the Human Subjects
Institutional Review Board, through the ASU Office of Research Integrity and
Assurance, at (480) 965-6788. We applied to the ASU Institutional Review Board,
and they have given us permission to conduct this survey. 

Please let us know if you wish to be part of the survey by Emailing
ljnolan@asu.edu

Thank you very much

Rogier Windhorst and Liam Nolan


