Interactive Cosmology Visualization Using the Hubble Ultra Deep Field Data in the
Classroom

Liam Nolan is an undergraduate student under the direction of Professor Windhorst
in the School of Earth and Space Exploration at Arizona State University. Liam is
conducting a research study to determine the effectiveness and best practices for
use with a new teaching tool: Appreciating Hubble at Hyperspeed (AHaH), that we
will use during a few AST 113 Labs in Fall 2020.

We are inviting your participation in this study, which will involve taking a
short survey at the end of the AST 113 semester to get your thoughts on the AHaH
tool, which is available on http://ahah.asu.edu/ and http://windhorst113.asu.edu/
.

Your participation in this survey is entirely voluntary. If you choose not to
participate or to withdraw from the survey at any time, there will be no penalty.
Participating in the survey will not affect your AST 113 grade in any way. If you
do participate, you have the right not to answer any question, and to stop
participation at any time. You must be 18 or older to participate in the survey.

We believe that the use of this tool will greatly improve your experience in AST
113, and those of future students. By providing your feedback on the AHAH tool,
you will help us make this tool more widely available to enhance the education of
other students. There are no foreseeable risks or discomforts to your
participation in the survey.

Your responses will be confidential, with your ASU email address collected for
confirmation purposes, but deleted upon completion of the survey. Only Professor
Windhorst and Mr. Liam Nolan will have access to the survey data. The results of
this study may be used in reports, presentations, or publications but your name
will not be used --- results will only be used in aggregate form (i.e., ``X
percentage of the overall survey group gave Y response'').

If you have any questions concerning the research study, please contact the
research team at: ljnolan@asu.edu, or Rogier.Windhorst@asu.edu. If you have any
questions about your rights as a subject/participant in this research, or if you
feel you have been placed at risk, you can contact the Chair of the Human
Subjects Institutional Review Board, through the ASU Office of Research Integrity
and Assurance, at (480) 965-6788.

Thank you very much!

Rogier Windhorst and Liam Nolan


